Or write so the time has come for us to start playing around with a dash for it make it look like our
demo and let me just show you are there more right now real quick the demo that I first show you in
the beginning blog and let's go to admen as you can see are there more.
Looks like this.
So is the time has come for us to start playing around with this all right and add some more functionality
and function ideas like this to our current one right here as you can see here we have some dynamic
data and we're going to be adding this when I'll be learning how to do that right now.
So let's go ahead and do that first and then I want you to do is to the right of your.
This lecture right now you're going to have a file and have a zip file called admin widgets.
Download it because all these admin widgets I already create assume markup for you right.
If you know I don't want to spend 20 minutes doing this with you they are on the screen on on the computer
because this class is about BHB not about the.
All right.
So what I want you to do is grab the admin widgets whatever's in that and copy it to your end it's
inside your admin.
So inside you and four you're going to have unended that BHB right here and I want you to grab every
content of that admin widgets Deitsch the mail file that I use told you to download and I want you to
add it to this page right here.
So this first make sure that this page is formatted correctly before we do that.
We want to put this all the way on top here.
Make sure that this is running on each individual row.
All right.
And right below this row right here
right below this one on should have pasted.
All right.
Now we go back to it and if we can't find this somewhere.
Whoops.
Let's go back to it right here.
Refresh.
And as you can see that will just look like this.
We going to work on this which is right now.
All right.
We're going to be installing dynamic data from our database.
So first know that again this takes a lot of coding and this is a framework that I use.
And if you want to see the cold you can go ahead and see it.
Amusing also fun.
Awesome.
Which is a library of icons and most That's what I'm what I'm using right now together with some Bootstrap
which I have a course on it by the way.
And you know that I do have a course and bootstrap just to make our applications look like this and
a lot nicer right.
But anyway I think it's enough of the lecture here on the next lecture.
And remember this is on the right hand side of your lecture right now on the next lecture we're going
to start adding some dynamic data to this.
Widgets right here.
Right.
So thank you so much for watching.
Keep it up.
You're doing great.
This is going to be awesome.
See you in the next lecture.